the current version of my algorithm is in the attachment. If you run the file ’show_gaze.py’ and select the folder you want to analyse it will create a file with the saccades indicated. There is a help option (?) in the initial window that opens, but in brief you should ’select a different folder’ (initially the selection will be ’no folder’, but once you used a folder the latest one will be the default. You should then choose either ’simple saccade detection’ or ‘elaborate saccade detection’ from the ’show’ options. The simple version only uses the gaze data. The elaborate version also considers how gaze shifts in the image and therefore takes MUCH longer. Once you selected the one you want you can run ‘use <the selected folder>’. It will take some time to identify saccades the first time you run it. You can then ‘play’ to see the recordings, but you can also later read in  the (text) file my_gaze that is created in the folder with the data. This file has time and horizontal and vertical gaze, followed by codes for saccades (1) and blinks (-1) for the simple and then the elaborate saccade detection (last two columns).

You could either run this program and then read in the my_gaze file, or just use the routines in my code in your own program. If you find errors or ways to improve the code do not hesitate to let me know. I am sure it is not perfect (neither the algorithm nor the implementation) because there are a lot of arbitrary choices, but it seems to do quite well. Also do not be frightened by the different ways to read in data. Pupil Labs keeps changing the format, and this code has to be able to reads them all. 
